content/scenes/Asian Financial Crisis.md, before:

---
last-checked: 2025-08-21
model: gpt-4o-mini-2024-07-18
queue: false
slug: Scenes:asian_financial_crisis
status: 🤖
title: Asian Financial Crisis
uid: 212d6e0fec43
updated: 2025-08-23 15:07:20
---

#krismon 

1. Lay out the backstory of the Asian Financial Crisis as it unfolded across Southeast Asia in 1997–1998, with particular focus on Indonesia. Begin with Thailand’s decision in mid-1997 to float the baht, triggering a loss of investor confidence across the region. Describe how capital flight, collapsing currencies, and plunging stock markets turned a currency wobble into a full-blown economic contagion affecting the so-called “Asian Tigers.”
2. Explain that Indonesia was among the hardest hit. For years, its rapid growth had been fueled by liberalization, foreign investment, and easy access to U.S. dollar-denominated credit. When the rupiah collapsed—from around 2,500 to over 15,000 to the dollar in just a few months—the debt burden became unsustainable. The financial system crumbled, large conglomerates defaulted, and unemployment soared.
3. Highlight how the crisis revealed structural flaws in the Indonesian economy: poor corporate governance, weak and underregulated banks, and dangerous overdependence on short-term foreign capital. Detail the arrival of the IMF, whose bailout came with harsh reform conditions. Note the social and political consequences—including mass protests, deadly riots, and the resignation of President Suharto in May 1998 after 32 years in power.

---
The Asian Financial Crisis of 1997–1998 marked one of the most significant economic upheavals in the history of Southeast Asia, originating with Thailand's decision in July 1997 to float the Thai baht. This decision, which was intended to stabilize the currency, ultimately provoked a loss of investor confidence not just in Thailand but throughout the region. As concerns over financial health spread, capital flight ensued, leading to collapsing currencies and plunging stock markets across Southeast Asia. The so-called "Asian Tigers," including South Korea, Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines, were swiftly drawn into a whirlpool of economic contagion.

Indonesia, in particular, felt the repercussions acutely. The country had experienced rapid economic growth in the preceding years, primarily fueled by market liberalization initiatives, an influx of foreign investment, and a reliance on U.S. dollar-denominated credit. However, the crisis exposed the vulnerabilities of this growth model. When the Indonesian rupiah plummeted from around 2,500 to over 15,000 to the dollar within a few months, the reality of an unsustainable debt burden became painfully clear. The private sector was heavily encumbered with dollar-denominated debts, and the currency collapse precipitated defaults among large conglomerates that had been considered pillars of the economy. Unemployment rates skyrocketed, further exacerbating the economic distress felt by the populace.

The crisis illuminated significant structural flaws within the Indonesian economy, such as poor corporate governance standards, a weak banking sector that suffered from underregulation, and an alarming overdependence on short-term foreign capital. These systemic weaknesses proved fatal as the economic landscape deteriorated rapidly. In response, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) intervened with a bailout package that included stringent reform conditions aimed at stabilizing the economy and addressing the underlying issues. However, these reforms were met with significant resistance and dissatisfaction, contributing to social turmoil.

The broader social and political landscape of Indonesia disintegrated amid the economic crisis. Widespread protests erupted across the nation, culminating in deadly riots that underscored public discontent with economic conditions and governance. In May 1998, in a dramatic shift of political power, President Suharto resigned after more than 32 years in office, symbolizing the end of an era and the deep-seated resentment that had been fueled by the financial turmoil. The transformation of the Indonesian economy, alongside its ongoing challenges, was set against this backdrop of socio-political upheaval, setting the stage for a complex recovery process.

Commit message:

Normalized scene prompt and metdata formats

content/scenes/Asian Financial Crisis.md, after:

---
uid: 2025-08-30-093554
slug: asian-financial-crisis
status: 🤖
queue: false
tags:
  - 
type: scene
---

# Asian Financial Crisis

## Manuscript

(Write your draft here...)

---

## Prompt

Lay out the backstory of the Asian Financial Crisis as it unfolded across Southeast Asia in 1997–1998, with particular focus on Indonesia. Begin with Thailand’s decision in mid-1997 to float the baht, triggering a loss of investor confidence across the region. Describe how capital flight, collapsing currencies, and plunging stock markets turned a currency wobble into a full-blown economic contagion affecting the so-called “Asian Tigers.”
Explain that Indonesia was among the hardest hit. For years, its rapid growth had been fueled by liberalization, foreign investment, and easy access to U.S. dollar-denominated credit. When the rupiah collapsed—from around 2,500 to over 15,000 to the dollar in just a few months—the debt burden became unsustainable. The financial system crumbled, large conglomerates defaulted, and unemployment soared.
Highlight how the crisis revealed structural flaws in the Indonesian economy: poor corporate governance, weak and underregulated banks, and dangerous overdependence on short-term foreign capital. Detail the arrival of the IMF, whose bailout came with harsh reform conditions. Note the social and political consequences—including mass protests, deadly riots, and the resignation of President Suharto in May 1998 after 32 years in power.

---
The Asian Financial Crisis of 1997–1998 marked one of the most significant economic upheavals in the history of Southeast Asia, originating with Thailand's decision in July 1997 to float the Thai baht. This decision, which was intended to stabilize the currency, ultimately provoked a loss of investor confidence not just in Thailand but throughout the region. As concerns over financial health spread, capital flight ensued, leading to collapsing currencies and plunging stock markets across Southeast Asia. The so-called "Asian Tigers," including South Korea, Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines, were swiftly drawn into a whirlpool of economic contagion.

Indonesia, in particular, felt the repercussions acutely. The country had experienced rapid economic growth in the preceding years, primarily fueled by market liberalization initiatives, an influx of foreign investment, and a reliance on U.S. dollar-denominated credit. However, the crisis exposed the vulnerabilities of this growth model. When the Indonesian rupiah plummeted from around 2,500 to over 15,000 to the dollar within a few months, the reality of an unsustainable debt burden became painfully clear. The private sector was heavily encumbered with dollar-denominated debts, and the currency collapse precipitated defaults among large conglomerates that had been considered pillars of the economy. Unemployment rates skyrocketed, further exacerbating the economic distress felt by the populace.

The crisis illuminated significant structural flaws within the Indonesian economy, such as poor corporate governance standards, a weak banking sector that suffered from underregulation, and an alarming overdependence on short-term foreign capital. These systemic weaknesses proved fatal as the economic landscape deteriorated rapidly. In response, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) intervened with a bailout package that included stringent reform conditions aimed at stabilizing the economy and addressing the underlying issues. However, these reforms were met with significant resistance and dissatisfaction, contributing to social turmoil.

The broader social and political landscape of Indonesia disintegrated amid the economic crisis. Widespread protests erupted across the nation, culminating in deadly riots that underscored public discontent with economic conditions and governance. In May 1998, in a dramatic shift of political power, President Suharto resigned after more than 32 years in office, symbolizing the end of an era and the deep-seated resentment that had been fueled by the financial turmoil. The transformation of the Indonesian economy, alongside its ongoing challenges, was set against this backdrop of socio-political upheaval, setting the stage for a complex recovery process.
