content/scenes/Berlian Laju Tanker.md, before:

---
slug: Scenes:berlian_laju_tanker
title: Berlian Laju Tanker
uid: 248dfb618e3f
last-checked: 2025-08-21
status: 💬 Prompt
queue: false
---
#landmark-cases 
1. Explain the significance of the 2012 debt crisis faced by Berlian Laju Tanker (BLT), which defaulted on over US\$2 billion in debt during a period of declining global shipping rates and overexpansion. Highlight that this was the largest corporate debt default by an Indonesian company since the Asian Financial Crisis, drawing attention to the urgent need for effective cross-border debt restructuring solutions.
2. Describe the pivotal role played by HHP Law Firm in advising BLT through this crisis. Focus on how HHP crafted an innovative legal strategy that integrated both Indonesian and international legal frameworks—marking one of the first large-scale cross-border restructurings of its kind in the region. Emphasize that the resulting court-approved restructuring plan not only rescued BLT from liquidation but also helped set new legal precedents in Indonesian insolvency law, reflecting a maturing legal system increasingly capable of handling complex, multinational corporate distress.

Commit message:

Normalized scene prompt and metdata formats

content/scenes/Berlian Laju Tanker.md, after:

---
uid: 2025-08-30-094639
slug: berlian-laju-tanker
status: 💬
queue: false
tags:
  - 
type: scene
---

# Berlian Laju Tanker

## Manuscript

(Write your draft here...)

---

## Prompt

Explain the significance of the 2012 debt crisis faced by Berlian Laju Tanker (BLT), which defaulted on over US\$2 billion in debt during a period of declining global shipping rates and overexpansion. Highlight that this was the largest corporate debt default by an Indonesian company since the Asian Financial Crisis, drawing attention to the urgent need for effective cross-border debt restructuring solutions.
Describe the pivotal role played by HHP Law Firm in advising BLT through this crisis. Focus on how HHP crafted an innovative legal strategy that integrated both Indonesian and international legal frameworks—marking one of the first large-scale cross-border restructurings of its kind in the region. Emphasize that the resulting court-approved restructuring plan not only rescued BLT from liquidation but also helped set new legal precedents in Indonesian insolvency law, reflecting a maturing legal system increasingly capable of handling complex, multinational corporate distress.
