content/scenes/BSI Merger.md, before:

---
slug: Scenes:bsi_merger
title: BSI Merger
uid: 077470280e7d
last-checked: 2025-08-21
status: 💬 Prompt
queue: false
---
#landmark-cases 
1. On 1 February 2021, Bank Syariah Indonesia (BSI) was officially launched, marking the merger of three state-owned Islamic banks: BRI Syariah, BNI Syariah, and Bank Syariah Mandiri.
2. Initiated by a government directive to consolidate the sector, the merger aimed to enhance financial inclusion and establish a globally competitive Islamic banking institution.
3. HHP was appointed as lead counsel to advise on legal strategy, regulatory compliance, and execution of the merger, which involved navigating multiple overlapping legal frameworks.
4. The integration posed unique challenges—merging different IT platforms, governance models, and corporate cultures—while ensuring full compliance with Islamic legal principles.
5. HHP’s role included managing dual oversight by Indonesia’s Financial Services Authority (OJK) and the National Syariah Board (DSN-MUI), ensuring that the transaction adhered to both civil and Shariah law.
6. The BSI merger, now Indonesia’s largest Islamic bank by assets, stands as a national milestone and a precedent for future consolidations in the Islamic finance sector.

Commit message:

Normalized scene prompt and metdata formats

content/scenes/BSI Merger.md, after:

---
uid: 2025-08-30-094839
slug: bsi-merger
status: 💬
queue: false
tags:
  - 
type: scene
---

# BSI Merger

## Manuscript

(Write your draft here...)

---

## Prompt

On 1 February 2021, Bank Syariah Indonesia (BSI) was officially launched, marking the merger of three state-owned Islamic banks: BRI Syariah, BNI Syariah, and Bank Syariah Mandiri.
Initiated by a government directive to consolidate the sector, the merger aimed to enhance financial inclusion and establish a globally competitive Islamic banking institution.
HHP was appointed as lead counsel to advise on legal strategy, regulatory compliance, and execution of the merger, which involved navigating multiple overlapping legal frameworks.
The integration posed unique challenges—merging different IT platforms, governance models, and corporate cultures—while ensuring full compliance with Islamic legal principles.
HHP’s role included managing dual oversight by Indonesia’s Financial Services Authority (OJK) and the National Syariah Board (DSN-MUI), ensuring that the transaction adhered to both civil and Shariah law.
The BSI merger, now Indonesia’s largest Islamic bank by assets, stands as a national milestone and a precedent for future consolidations in the Islamic finance sector.
