content/scenes/Esso Mobil Case.md, before:

---
slug: Scenes:esso_mobil
themes: []
title: Esso Mobil
uid: 0b9d6bb3c064
instruction: Instructions/cases
note: Notes/cases
status: 💬 Prompt
last-checked: 2025-08-21
---
1. Outline the Esso Mobil case and its significance for Indonesian jurisprudence. Describe how villagers in Aceh filed suit in U.S. courts against ExxonMobil under the Alien Tort Statute, alleging human rights abuses committed by Indonesian military personnel guarding the company’s gas facility. Explain how the case—though litigated abroad—raised important questions about corporate liability, extraterritorial jurisdiction, and state–private sector complicity. Highlight that while no formal Indonesian court rulings emerged from this case, its international visibility helped shape discourse on accountability, the role of foreign investors in conflict zones, and the evolving expectations of legal due diligence for multinational operations in Indonesia. Note that no public record links HHP or Baker McKenzie to the litigation.

Commit message:

Normalized scene prompt and metdata formats

content/scenes/Esso Mobil Case.md, after:

---
uid: 2025-08-30-085109
slug: esso-mobil-case
status: 💬
queue: false
tags:
  - landmark-cases
type: scene
---

# Esso Mobil Case

## Manuscript

(Write your draft here...)

---

## Prompt

Outline the Esso Mobil case and its significance for Indonesian jurisprudence. Describe how villagers in Aceh filed suit in U.S. courts against ExxonMobil under the Alien Tort Statute, alleging human rights abuses committed by Indonesian military personnel guarding the company’s gas facility. Explain how the case—though litigated abroad—raised important questions about corporate liability, extraterritorial jurisdiction, and state–private sector complicity. Highlight that while no formal Indonesian court rulings emerged from this case, its international visibility helped shape discourse on accountability, the role of foreign investors in conflict zones, and the evolving expectations of legal due diligence for multinational operations in Indonesia. Note that no public record links HHP or Baker McKenzie to the litigation.
