content/scenes/Foreign Firms Resentment.md, before:

---
slug: Scenes:foreign_firms_resentment
uid: 9e80ff1dd18e
title: Foreign Firms Resentment
updated: 2025-08-23 15:25:45
status: 💬 Prompt
queue: false
last-checked: 2025-08-21
---
#international-relations

1.  Describe how Indonesia’s economic liberalization in the 1990s—particularly the surge in direct foreign investment and regulatory changes allowing offshore borrowing in foreign currencies—transformed the legal landscape. Explain how this internationalization led to an influx of foreign lawyers, often in consultancy roles, within major Indonesian firms. Highlight the resulting tension within the local legal community, as many Indonesian firms resented what they saw as encroachment by foreign consultants. Focus on how HHP, as one of the most prominent and internationally connected firms, bore the brunt of this resentment. Include how the firm navigated this period of transition and what steps it took to maintain its reputation and client base amid rising professional scrutiny. Use a tone that is analytical and balanced, aimed at readers interested in the evolution of professional services in emerging markets.

Commit message:

Normalized scene prompt and metdata formats

content/scenes/Foreign Firms Resentment.md, after:

---
uid: 2025-08-30-114138
slug: foreign-firms-resentment
status: 💬
queue: false
tags:
  - "#international-relations"
type: scene
---

# Foreign Firms Resentment

## Manuscript

(Write your draft here...)

---

## Prompt

 Describe how Indonesia’s economic liberalization in the 1990s—particularly the surge in direct foreign investment and regulatory changes allowing offshore borrowing in foreign currencies—transformed the legal landscape. Explain how this internationalization led to an influx of foreign lawyers, often in consultancy roles, within major Indonesian firms. Highlight the resulting tension within the local legal community, as many Indonesian firms resented what they saw as encroachment by foreign consultants. Focus on how HHP, as one of the most prominent and internationally connected firms, bore the brunt of this resentment. Include how the firm navigated this period of transition and what steps it took to maintain its reputation and client base amid rising professional scrutiny. Use a tone that is analytical and balanced, aimed at readers interested in the evolution of professional services in emerging markets.
