content/scenes/HHP Founded.md, before:

---
slug: Scenes:hhp_founded
title: HHP Founded
uid: fc6b3e126b2a
last-checked: 2025-08-21
status: 💬 Prompt
queue: false
---
1. Tuti Hadriputranto assembled a founding team that balanced local credibility with international insight, bringing in her trusted colleague Hadinoto Soewondo and two foreign legal consultantsâ€”her husband, Tim Manring, and the experienced Duane Gingrich.
2. Continue the chapter flow with a paragraph that builds on this sentence and the following text. Assume all four individuals have been introduced earlier. Focus on the strategic intent and composition of the founding team. Keep the original sentence as the paragraph's opening line.
2. Because foreign nationals are not permitted to practice law in Indonesia, Tim and Duane served in a consulting capacity, contributing their expertise in international commercial law and helping to shape the firm’s cross-border outlook.
3. This team  set out with a shared conviction: to create a law firm that delivered advice at global standards while remaining deeply grounded in the realities of Indonesian law and business practice.
4. Their mission was to earn the trust of both Indonesian enterprises and international investors by providing legal services that were not only rigorous and reliable but also culturally and commercially fluent.
5. With this foundation, the launch of Hadiputranto, Hadinoto & Partners (HHP) marked the start of a transformative chapter in Indonesian legal history—introducing a new model of law firm professionalism at a moment of rapid economic and regulatory change.

Commit message:

Normalized scene prompt and metdata formats

content/scenes/HHP Founded.md, after:

---
uid: 2025-08-30-082554
slug: hhp-founded
status: 🔳
queue: false
tags:
  - milestones
type: scene
---

# HHP Founded

## Manuscript

(Write your draft here...)

---

## Prompt

Tuti Hadriputranto assembled a founding team that balanced local credibility with international insight, bringing in her trusted colleague Hadinoto Soewondo and two foreign legal consultantsâ€”her husband, Tim Manring, and the experienced Duane Gingrich.
Continue the chapter flow with a paragraph that builds on this sentence and the following text. Assume all four individuals have been introduced earlier. Focus on the strategic intent and composition of the founding team. Keep the original sentence as the paragraph's opening line.
Because foreign nationals are not permitted to practice law in Indonesia, Tim and Duane served in a consulting capacity, contributing their expertise in international commercial law and helping to shape the firm’s cross-border outlook.
This team  set out with a shared conviction: to create a law firm that delivered advice at global standards while remaining deeply grounded in the realities of Indonesian law and business practice.
Their mission was to earn the trust of both Indonesian enterprises and international investors by providing legal services that were not only rigorous and reliable but also culturally and commercially fluent.
With this foundation, the launch of Hadiputranto, Hadinoto & Partners (HHP) marked the start of a transformative chapter in Indonesian legal history—introducing a new model of law firm professionalism at a moment of rapid economic and regulatory change.
