content/scenes/Matahari Buyout.md, before:

---
slug: Scenes:matahari_buyout
title: Matahari Buyout
uid: 718c7e950dcc
status: 💬 Prompt
last-checked: 2025-08-21
queue: false
---
#landmark-cases #finance 
1. Describe HHP’s pivotal role in the acquisition of Indonesian retail giant Matahari by a consortium led by Japan’s department store operator and CVC Asia Pacific, in a transaction that blended public and private market share purchases.
2. Emphasize that the Matahari deal marked a turning point in Indonesian M&A, demonstrating how sophisticated legal structuring could facilitate foreign investment in a tightly regulated domestic market.
3. Detail how HHP advised on the use of an offshore limited partnership structure—virtually unprecedented at the time in Indonesia—which allowed CVC to gain effective control without triggering formal regulatory thresholds.
4. Explain how control was exercised through a layered network of special purpose vehicles and conditional agreements, avoiding mandatory tender offers while enabling phased ownership transfer.
5. Highlight the transaction’s innovative legal architecture, which incorporated global private equity practices—like drag-along rights, veto protections, brand licensing, and asset ring-fencing—within an Indonesian legal framework.
6. Conclude that this deal became a landmark case study in cross-border structuring, with HHP’s approach helping to define best practices for complex foreign-backed acquisitions in Indonesia.

Commit message:

Normalized scene prompt and metdata formats

content/scenes/Matahari Buyout.md, after:

---
uid: 2025-08-30-120502
slug: matahari-buyout
status: 💬
queue: false
tags:
  - "#landmark-cases"
  - finance
type: scene
---
## Manuscript

(Write your draft here...)

---

## Prompt

Describe HHP’s pivotal role in the acquisition of Indonesian retail giant Matahari by a consortium led by Japan’s department store operator and CVC Asia Pacific, in a transaction that blended public and private market share purchases.
Emphasize that the Matahari deal marked a turning point in Indonesian M&A, demonstrating how sophisticated legal structuring could facilitate foreign investment in a tightly regulated domestic market.
Detail how HHP advised on the use of an offshore limited partnership structure—virtually unprecedented at the time in Indonesia—which allowed CVC to gain effective control without triggering formal regulatory thresholds.
Explain how control was exercised through a layered network of special purpose vehicles and conditional agreements, avoiding mandatory tender offers while enabling phased ownership transfer.
Highlight the transaction’s innovative legal architecture, which incorporated global private equity practices—like drag-along rights, veto protections, brand licensing, and asset ring-fencing—within an Indonesian legal framework.
Conclude that this deal became a landmark case study in cross-border structuring, with HHP’s approach helping to define best practices for complex foreign-backed acquisitions in Indonesia.
