content/scenes/Steady Safe Taxi.md, before:

---
slug: Scenes:steady_safe_taxi
title: Steady Safe Taxi
uid: e1b0ffbc658c
last-checked: 2025-08-21
status: 💬 Prompt
queue: false
---
#landmark-cases 
1. Recount a dramatic episode from December 1998, when the aftershocks of the Asian Financial Crisis reached HHP’s offices in the form of a distressed Jakarta taxi company grappling with unpayable dollar-denominated debt.
2. Describe how the firm had to advise the client—whose revenue was in rupiah and whose obligations had tripled due to currency collapse—that bankruptcy was the only viable legal course.
3. Highlight the emotional intensity of the meeting, where the company owner erupted violently at the news, underscoring the human cost and reputational risk involved in financial restructurings during that volatile period.
4. Explain how the collapse of this single client posed not only a business failure but also a contagion threat to the foreign investment bank that had extended the loan, revealing the systemic fragility of post-crisis financing structures.
5. Use this moment to illustrate how HHP lawyers had to combine technical legal insight with crisis management under extreme pressure, laying early groundwork for their later leadership in Indonesia’s restructuring and insolvency landscape.

Commit message:

Normalized scene prompt and metdata formats

content/scenes/Steady Safe Taxi.md, after:

---
uid: 2025-08-30-120850
slug: steady-safe-taxi
status: 💬
queue: false
tags:
  - "#landmark-cases"
  - krismon
type: scene
---
## Manuscript

(Write your draft here...)

---

## Prompt

Recount a dramatic episode from December 1998, when the aftershocks of the Asian Financial Crisis reached HHP’s offices in the form of a distressed Jakarta taxi company grappling with unpayable dollar-denominated debt.
Describe how the firm had to advise the client—whose revenue was in rupiah and whose obligations had tripled due to currency collapse—that bankruptcy was the only viable legal course.
Highlight the emotional intensity of the meeting, where the company owner erupted violently at the news, underscoring the human cost and reputational risk involved in financial restructurings during that volatile period.
Explain how the collapse of this single client posed not only a business failure but also a contagion threat to the foreign investment bank that had extended the loan, revealing the systemic fragility of post-crisis financing structures.
Use this moment to illustrate how HHP lawyers had to combine technical legal insight with crisis management under extreme pressure, laying early groundwork for their later leadership in Indonesia’s restructuring and insolvency landscape.
