content/scenes/Telkom IPO.md, before:

---
slug: Scenes:telkom_ipo
title: Telkom IPO
uid: 1b512bdd004b
note: Notes/cases
last-checked: 2025-08-21
status: 💬 Prompt
queue: false
---
#landmark-cases 
1. In 1994, Telkom Indonesia launched one of the most ambitious public offerings in Southeast Asia, marking a turning point in the privatization and modernization of state-owned enterprises. The IPO was conducted simultaneously on the Jakarta and New York stock exchanges and was hailed as a landmark in Indonesia’s financial history—garnering official recognition in the Indonesian Book of Records (MURI) for its scale and complexity. The offering signaled the country's commitment to transparency, global capital access, and economic reform. While HHP was already active in capital markets work during this period, public sources do not currently confirm the firm’s direct involvement in the Telkom IPO.
2. **Request Information:**
3.  If HHP played a role in this transaction, please supply further details to document the firm’s contribution to this historic event.

Commit message:

Normalized scene prompt and metdata formats

content/scenes/Telkom IPO.md, after:

---
uid: 2025-08-30-121109
slug: telkom-ipo
status: 💬 Prompt
queue: false
tags:
  - 
type: scene
---
## Manuscript

(Write your draft here...)

---

## Prompt

In 1994, Telkom Indonesia launched one of the most ambitious public offerings in Southeast Asia, marking a turning point in the privatization and modernization of state-owned enterprises. The IPO was conducted simultaneously on the Jakarta and New York stock exchanges and was hailed as a landmark in Indonesia’s financial history—garnering official recognition in the Indonesian Book of Records (MURI) for its scale and complexity. The offering signaled the country's commitment to transparency, global capital access, and economic reform. While HHP was already active in capital markets work during this period, public sources do not currently confirm the firm’s direct involvement in the Telkom IPO.
**Request Information:**
 If HHP played a role in this transaction, please supply further details to document the firm’s contribution to this historic event.
