content/scenes/Transportation Infrastructure.md, before:

---
slug: Scenes:transport_infrastructure
uid: 5cf547bf490f
title: Transport Infrastructure
updated: 2025-08-23 15:13:16
status: 💬 Prompt
queue: false
last-checked: 2025-08-21
---


1. MRT showcased HHP role in creating legal framework of major infrastructure projects
1. HHP played a key advisory role in structuring the legal and regulatory frameworks for two of Indonesia’s most ambitious infrastructure projects: the Jakarta Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) and the Jakarta–Bandung High Speed Rail (HSR).
2. For the MRT, HHP advised the Jakarta city-owned enterprise PT MRT Jakarta on procurement, construction contracts, land acquisition issues, and Japanese ODA (Official Development Assistance) loan financing, which was facilitated through the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA).
3. The firm provided strategic counsel on the application of FIDIC-based contracts and compliance with Indonesian procurement law, helping harmonize international financing terms with domestic regulatory requirements.
4. In the case of the Jakarta–Bandung High Speed Rail, HHP advised PT Pilar Sinergi BUMN Indonesia (PSBI)—a consortium of four Indonesian state-owned enterprises—on aspects of the joint venture with China Railway International, which included equity contributions, governance, and debt financing.
5. HHP’s work also encompassed regulatory analysis for the use of Chinese concessional loans and alignment with Presidential Regulation No. 107/2015, which authorized the HSR project without reliance on state budget funds.
6. By advising both public and private stakeholders, HHP helped navigate issues of land use, state asset transfer, cross-border risk allocation, and government support instruments, setting precedents for future infrastructure PPPs in Indonesia.

Commit message:

Normalized scene prompt and metdata formats

content/scenes/Transportation Infrastructure.md, after:

---
uid: 2025-08-30-084900
slug: transportation-infrastructure
status: 🔳
queue: false
tags: 
  -
type: scene
---

# Transportation Infrastructure

## Manuscript

(Write your draft here...)

---

## Prompt

MRT showcased HHP role in creating legal framework of major infrastructure projects
HHP played a key advisory role in structuring the legal and regulatory frameworks for two of Indonesia’s most ambitious infrastructure projects: the Jakarta Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) and the Jakarta–Bandung High Speed Rail (HSR).
For the MRT, HHP advised the Jakarta city-owned enterprise PT MRT Jakarta on procurement, construction contracts, land acquisition issues, and Japanese ODA (Official Development Assistance) loan financing, which was facilitated through the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA).
The firm provided strategic counsel on the application of FIDIC-based contracts and compliance with Indonesian procurement law, helping harmonize international financing terms with domestic regulatory requirements.
In the case of the Jakarta–Bandung High Speed Rail, HHP advised PT Pilar Sinergi BUMN Indonesia (PSBI)—a consortium of four Indonesian state-owned enterprises—on aspects of the joint venture with China Railway International, which included equity contributions, governance, and debt financing.
HHP’s work also encompassed regulatory analysis for the use of Chinese concessional loans and alignment with Presidential Regulation No. 107/2015, which authorized the HSR project without reliance on state budget funds.
By advising both public and private stakeholders, HHP helped navigate issues of land use, state asset transfer, cross-border risk allocation, and government support instruments, setting precedents for future infrastructure PPPs in Indonesia.
